docs(email): document global defaults for preference center and UTM tracking (#670)
mautic/user-documentation: docs/configuration/settings.rst

* **Default UTM source** - Sets a site-wide default ``utm_source`` value that pre-populates the UTM source field when creating a new Email. Existing Emails and cloned Emails retain their own values. Leave blank to use no default.

* **Default UTM medium** - Sets a site-wide default ``utm_medium`` value that pre-populates the UTM medium field when creating a new Email. Existing Emails and cloned Emails retain their own values. Leave blank to use no default.

* **Default UTM Campaign** - Sets a site-wide default ``utm_campaign`` value that pre-populates the UTM Campaign field when creating a new Email. Existing Emails and cloned Emails retain their own values. Leave blank to use no default.

* **Default UTM content** - Sets a site-wide default ``utm_content`` value that pre-populates the UTM content field when creating a new Email. Existing Emails and cloned Emails retain their own values. Leave blank to use no default.

.. note::

>   These defaults only apply when creating a **new** Email. Editing an existing Email or cloning an Email never overwrites the values already on that Email, even if those fields are blank on the clone source.

Reviewer: I believe the defaults that are mentioned here are applied for UTMs? As we have other bullet points, we need to clarify it.

```suggestion
  The default UTMs only apply when creating a **new** Email. Editing an existing Email or cloning an Email never overwrites the values already on that Email, even if those fields are blank on the clone source.
```

Author: @adiati98 , fixed - changed to "The default UTMs" to make the scope explicit.
